I understand these planes and helicopters they
just fly everywhere
very close this time so calm
the Germans
Well, hello to all friends with you
today's jeens is our modification
created for guys who love hardcore
tired of just running away
from the police too easy for them
so today we will have an attack from
air with rockets so on aviation
attack I don't know how we can survive
against it we will drive we will try to
in general, let's see what of this
get to start on probably already
some kind of means in order without
problems hijacking yes the whole thing so i
said no music lacked that
I was banned as a matter of fact
this modification is activated very
just press f5 and damn it now
something will be I specifically chose
franklin to steal faster
he has the possibility of half
rotate and so on for now i'm not
I see I already feel the resort attack with
air is just hard
as well ka ka
here in short already something is behind us
chasing I don’t know if we can leave but I smell
me that it will not just be here
bacchanalia begins anarchy with her husband
either go far far here
the bombardment is on I think if
stop here then we die yes so
that so just do not run away I do not know
I think I need a tool what
something better to run away and because
what is it still happening like me
understood so the idea of ​​f5 is we turn off yes
good good constant constant
constant bombing we don't need
because so to play
is impossible
we need something faster drug
motorcycle, I do not know anything right now
think of a devil so in my opinion I found
pretty cheerful car
san andreas it was bullys if can
Do you remember how it was very fast
wheelbarrow and now on there so well i
ready i'm ready chased as much as we can
hold out the main thing is no harm with
probably just test yourself from standing
shod shooting and bombing here too
I won't last long
maybe I turned off the road somehow
and did not understand where the explosions vogt stick-tree then
and no no no funny guys i understand these
airplanes and helicopters they are just everywhere
fly very close this time
so could the Germans and Wear I died yah
in short long hold out very
it's hard to tell you, but actually grief
such a small modification write
how much you were able to hold out well in
turn on it all up enough literally
shoots and in general that is all
did you like this episode this
modification put your thumbs up
and subscribe to the channel bye
good luck to you all the best with average
next episodes